[Music]
hi it's agatha
welcome or welcome back to my channel
and for today's video it's going to be a
quick
unboxing haul from a gift
given to me by raw ph
there
but before we get started please make
sure to like this video and subscribe to
my channel as well
and if you want to see the products that
ross
rossi rossi then you're all ph
sent me and then keep on watching
so raw ph is generous enough to send me
all of the products
here
[Music]
because i've been following their
account and so i'll bring interest out
of the lagos
skincare products and ever since and
by the time uh like switching to a more
gentle skin care products like
alcohol-free natalia
skincare products
[Music]
anyway let's start off with the
cleansers toners and serums
so actually if you check their website
which is
raw ph dot com marine salon
ear face type na set
so i got you for oily and acne prone
skin
i will have a detailed review of this
naman in the future
so i uh stay tuned for that but i will
also
read you guys for you to know
the claims of each product so let's
start
off with the face cleanser i got the
olive plus avocado
olive is high in vitamin a e and k that
helps introduce oil production
and boost fresh skin avocado for its
calming properties
to aid in breakouts and flare flare-outs
this gentle formula cleanses skin by
helping remove dirt
oil and makeup for a fresh bread
complexion
and i can say
it doesn't dry out my skin after i wash
my face
that's it a problem called with most of
the
cleansers that i used before i don't
know
so every time the snack on my
then the next one which is the tonic
toner
i got the watermelon variant and we will
read
the claims watermelon turn toner our
watermelon toner is perfect for
sensitive and dry skin
as watermelon is full of moisture this
toner will clean out impurities without
drying your skin
so you know since acne prone and oily
skin
actually combination to oily skin but
i really don't like
the products and actually
so i always use toners that
are gentle and for sensitive skin in the
[Music]
relaxing and calming it's just a face
and
super moisturizing anyway i'm going to
read the claims for you guys to know
how our oily acne
herb facial serum is a natural blend of
botanical oils
specifically targeting to oily and acne
prone skin
amui spatalagato promise
[Music]
deeply moisturizes using its antioxidant
properties although it is for facial oil
we consider
this serum because it is super
concentrated and potent
contrary to popular beliefs oil will
make your face
oilier we created this formula to be
easily absorbed into your skin and extra
light weight
specifically catering to sensitive and
dry skin
[Music]
and actually every time that i wake up
at night the next morning
face promise from sexism
anyway moving on to the sun block
which i am also addicted i think that
was the sunblock into sunscreen
so i got two the other one is in liquid
form
and cream form let's start with the
cream form which is this one
and
anyway your favorite sunblock is now in
cream version for more coverage
water baby watermelon cream sandbag is
still made with
reef friendly zinc oxide to keep that
spf level at 75
bonga 75 on spf
and considering that it's made from
natural ingredients
[Music]
sankapa formulated to protect the bare
skin
and thicker consistency that's perfect
for the body
it has uva and uvb protection which is
important
i'm just going to make a video a
separate video for that if you want to
learn more about sunscreen and sunblock
you can search on video
it has uvb and uva protection it also
is face and baby friendly non-sticky
shea butter to moisturize made with zinc
oxide for a re-friendly
experience thicker consistency for easy
application on the body
and i use this surface korean and
sobrang gandanya and actually
cucumber cool it's the fresh sunblock
anyway i'm going to read the claims
cucumber cool
fresh salt block is made with zinc oxide
to give that spf 75
formulated to protect your bare skin and
doubles as an amazing makeup base
oh for everyday use actually
make a paste anyway same then uva uv
protection face and baby friendly
non-sticky lightweight shea butter to
moisturize made with zinc oxide for a
really friendly experience
good base for makeup if marin tara got
home you repurchase
is
[Music]
i love some moisture and hydrated skin
and the lamina
solutions and perfumes like scents
and every time no papa school vitamin
[Music]
love and moisture in mind our body oils
are rich in
a rich blend of hydration just for your
skin
infuse with lavender for a boost of
antioxidant and to treat dark spots
body oils are also excellent alternative
to body lotion
as they are more consecrated in nature
which allow for deeper delivery into
your skin
all infused body oils cater to all skin
types
can also be used on hair oh okay
skin the sovereign moisturize and saw
brown pattern baby skin
young legs more bone skin more actually
skin care is not only surface care but
body care skin no so
indeed on your face skin care like
someone serums and face cleansers
and legs
anyway i'm going to proceed to the next
one which
is frosting it says here that starts as
a scrub
finishes as a lotion
this one is in starburst and sweet
chicks
an in-bath lotion that starts with a
scrub our body frostings
goes on creamy before turning into a
luxurious
lather okay heavenly scent
of strawberry raspberry and blueberry
works as a body scrub body polish whip
soap texture is mousse like
flight moves like life moose like
light and fluffy exfoliates your skin
gently with
earth-friendly apricot seeds okay unlike
polyethylene poly polycylene
polycylene and many other abrasive
agents
that are completely natural kind and
velvety lather that leaves your skin
exfoliated
and hydrated a little goes a long way
and this stuff will last you for
weeks so sampler size
[Music]
oh
if you guys know me if you are my
friends
sanitizer in a super
penalty classic
what are the claims of this mask made
with fresh yogurt
our yogurt mask will wake you with fresh
beautiful and dewy skin in the morning
we swear by it having a mini breakout no
problem this is awesome
this also doubles as a spot treatment
for breakouts
[Music]
the major skin booster needs no
washing off hydrate softens and glow
so my ah asia so wedding mug birch
[Music]
in cream apple pie strawberry scones
and then
light and beautiful shades to accent
your lips and cheeks for that natural
comes in five
[Music]
but i have two of the shades right here
in syria
[Music]
is of course their best seller na
robar actually cannot
and it smells like roasted coffee like
coffee
now my two big coco coffee raw bar
tightens your skin elasticity which is
in turn helps with the reduction of your
dark spots and acne scars
good for face and body actually a young
guy search
[Music]
it smells like roasted coffee which is
super true all our bars
are a minimum of 100 grams nevertheless
always more
so i encounter lunch into three and as
you can see
so yeah those are all the products that
i
got from raw ph and thank you
and thank you thank you so much stay
tuned for
more content about raw ph i'm super
excited
to try all of these and share you guys
my thoughts about it of course
even though it's sponsored and even
though the cinema
[Music]
so i hope you guys enjoyed this video
please make sure to like and subscribe
to my channel if you want to see more of
me
and if you do have some suggestions
leave them down down below
i'll see you next one bye
[Music]